Now, in the last section, you have learned how to pass arguments
to threads using the function collaborator and lambdas.
In this section, you will be looking at two additional ways
which are variadic templates and member functions.
Let's start briefly with variadic templates.
Since the introduction of the C++ 11 Standard variadic templates,
they allow the definition of functions that take a varying number of arguments,
which is exceptionally handy in many applications and also in concurrency,
because we can use them to pass several arguments to a thread.
Let's briefly talk about member functions as well.
As you have seen already, we can pass arguments to a thread by reference.
But what if we wish to run a function other than the function call operator.
Now that's what the second part of this section is going to be about,
running member functions of an already existing objects.
Now please go ahead and take a look.
See you down below.